The hotel is set by me
I have the final say here
Whoever dares to look down on you
That's my enemy.
What? Your enemy?
Then break up
This marriage is over
You can marry these cats and dogs, right?
This grave is over
I'll call Aoxue right away
Hurry up and hit oops
In-law, calm down
Don't be impulsive
Have something to say?
Say a string of words
You don't take a mirror to yourself
What's that?
It's a homeless dog who's been swept out
What qualifications do I have to make me run away and become a clamor?
What!
Still want to die
I'll be right there. Hmm.
Nonsense, hurry up and apologize to your uncle and aunt
Mom, they bully and insult people first
Why should I apologize?
Oh, why are you so stubborn?
This is a lifetime hope
Hey, let me apologize
Ah, Mr. Tang.
Sorry.
It's us, it's better if you say it, don't worry about Wushuang
It's not your fault that we made these kinds of big ones.
What do you apologize for?
Oops, unparalleled
We all know you are a good person.
It's your chance to marry Miss Tan too
We all hope you have a good future.
You will be rich later.
Don't pretend to be our brothers in the future
Don't count on it.
I have already called Aoxue.
He will come to deal with the Wei wife immediately.
Regret it yourself
It's not getting married, is it?
Okay, let's end it then.
Mom, let's go, go away
Stay put
The wedding continues haha